Adding info in Configuring a Persistent Cart doc (#868)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/cart-persistent-configuration.md

   Yes|If the session cookie expires, the persistent cookie is preserved. If a guest shopper later logs in or creates a new account, the shopping cart is restored.
   No|The shopping cart is not preserved for guests after the session cookie expires.

> 1. **<span class="ee-only">Persist Wish List</span>** determines if the state of customer wish lists is retained when the session ends. Options:

Reviewer: For list items, span is not needed and simple liquid tag is best

```suggestion
1. {:.ee-only}Set **Persist Wish List** to determine if the state of customer wish lists is retained when the session ends:
```

Author: done

   Yes|The wish list contents are saved when the session ends.|
   No|The wish list is not saved when the session ends.|

> 1. **<span class="ee-only">Persist Recently Ordered Items</span>** determines if the state of recently ordered items is retained when the session ends. Options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. {:.ee-only}Set **Persist Recently Ordered Items** to determine if the state of recently ordered items is retained when the session ends:
```

Author: done

   Yes|The state of Recently Ordered Items is saved when the session ends.|
   No|The state of Recently Ordered Items is not saved when the session ends.|

1. Set **Persist Currently Compared Products** to one of the following: `Yes` or `No`

1. Set **Persist Comparison History** to one of the following: `Yes` or `No`

1. Set **Persist Recently Viewed Products** to one of the following: `Yes` or `No`

> 1. <span class="ee-only">Persist Customer Group Membership and Segmentation</span> determines if the state of customers’ group membership and segmentation criteria are retained when the session ends. Options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. {:.ee-only}Set **Persist Customer Group Membership and Segmentation** to determine if the state of customers’ group membership and segmentation criteria are retained when the session ends:
```

Author: done
